========================
HellBot Version Update
========================

+-------------------------+
|      Version - 0.5      |
+-------------------------+

Changelog 📃 :
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Added Database support to AutoWaifu. Now you can enabled autowaifu by sending ``.adwaifu`` in a group. And remove that group from AutoWaifu by sending ``.rmwaifu``. Do ``.plinfo protecc`` for more details.
* Added new plugin ``AUTOPOST``. It'll repost new post from one channel to another without ``Forward Tag``. Do ``.plinfo autopost`` to get commands details and explanation.
* Fixed filters. Now stickers, gifs, pictures, videos, docs are also supported. Do ``.plinfo filters`` for more.
* Fixed ``Animations``. Also added some more animations. Do ``.plinfo animoji`` & ``.plinfo animations`` & ``.plinfo animations2`` to get more details.
* Fixed random ``.hflirt`` command.
* Removed ``.exec`` & ``.eval`` results from logger group. By default ``EVAL`` is disabled. To enabled it you need to set a heroku var ``USE_EVAL``. Do ``.set var USE_EVAL TRUE`` to enabled eval command.
* Added new plugin ``mediainfo``. Do ``.plinfo mediainfo`` to get more details and command explanations.
* Added ``HELP_PIC``. Now you can set a pic in help menu. To do this type ``.set var HELP_PIC <telegraph link>``.
* Did some improvements for future updates.
* Bug fixes.

Report Bugs and Suggestions in comments of `this post <https://t.me/its_hellbot/35>`_
=====================================================================================

📌 To update your Hêllẞø† do ``.update build``

:Regards: `@ForGo10God <https://t.me/forgo10god>`_
