========================
HellBot Version Update
========================

+-------------------------+
|      Version - 0.7      |
+-------------------------+

Changelog 📃 :
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Added feature to automatically turn on ``Inline Mode`` if disabled. Now no need to manually turn on inline mode. Enjoy (๑•﹏•)
* Added ``gcast.py``. You can globally broadcast a msg based on flags. Available flags are ``-all``, ``-grp``, ``-pvt``. Do ``.plinfo gcast`` to know more details.
* Added ``Adultzone.py``. Currently only gives nekos based NSFW & SFW pics. Do ``.plinfo adultzone`` for more details.
* Some twixes in eval.
* Updates ``stickers.py``. Please Note that after updating you'll lose your current kang pack. Updated kanging on basis of username and userid. If a user without username uses ``.kang`` it'll make a pack with his/her userid. Else users with username will get pack based on their username.
* Added **Pack Kang.** Now you can kang all the stickers of a pack. Reply to a sticker with ``.pkang <pack name>``.
* Fixed some typo & grammatical errors (•﹏•;)
* Updated Hellbot's core. While installing unknown plugin you'll get a warning if replied plugin contains some harmfull codes. Though you can force install that plugin by using ``.install -f``. Use ``.install -f`` if you trust the provider or after checking the plugin codes.
* Added option to choose a pic on ``Gban`` & ``Gkick``. [Only for ABUSE Enabled users.]. Do ``.set var BAN_PIC <telegraph link>`` to set desired pic.
* Added new command in ``memify``. You can create a sticker with honka revealing your text. Example ``.honk Hello``
* Added yet another waifu harem bot in autowaifu plugin `@Collect_yours_waifus_bot <https://t.me/Collect_yours_waifus_bot>`_. Simply send ``.adwaifu`` in a group you want to activate autowaifu.
* Problem in climate plugin was due to API. So no need for fixes. Now it's working fine. [Got a comment on this]
* Bugs fixes and improved performance.

Report Bugs and Suggestions in comments of `this post <https://t.me/its_hellbot/40>`_
=====================================================================================

**📌 To update your Hêllẞø† do** ``.update build``

:Regards: `@ForGo10God <https://t.me/forgo10god>`_
