========================
HellBot Version Update
========================

+-------------------------+
|      Version - 0.8      |
+-------------------------+

Changelog 📃 :
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Updated ``Anime Plugin``. Recoded anime.py and added new command ``.airing``. Try out all commands. Get more details by ``.plinfo anime``
* Updated ``.uninstall``. Now you can uninstall plugin even by giving ``.py`` extension. Previously this gave error. **Example :** ``.uninstall alive`` or ``.uninstall alive.py`` will work same.
* Updated ``adultzone``. Previously NSFW gifs would get saved in GIF tab which was a bit annoying. So now it'll not get saved in your GIF tab. Enjoy.
* Updated ``AFK plugin``. Previously if you would use AFK with a gif, it'll spam your GIF tab. So... now it'll not get saved ;)
* Fixed ``ascii.py``.
* Updated ``dictionary.py`` to latest Urban Dictionary API.
* Fixed ``.listgban``. Now it'll give list of gbanned users by you.
* Fixed ``.inviteall``.
* Added new plugin ``movies.py``. I won't tell you much about this. Just go and check it out yourself. Do ``.plinfo movies``
* Updated and added new commands in ``songs.py``. 
* Added ``.wsong`` to reverse search an audio file's details.
* Fixed ``.song`` & ``.vsong``.
* Updated ``.lyrics``
* Added new command to search songs. Probably the fastest song plugin. **Example :** ``.lsong <song name>``
* Fixed ``Pack Kang``. You'll need to start your helper bot before using this command.
* Updated ``tweets.py``
* Reduced slug size for better functioning and speedy performance.
* Improvement in base codes.
* Added railway support.

Report Bugs and Suggestions in comments of `this post <https://t.me/its_hellbot/44>`_
=====================================================================================

**📌 To update your Hêllẞø† do** ``.update build``

:Regards: `@ForGo10God <https://t.me/forgo10god>`_
