========================
HellBot Version Update
========================

+-------------------------+
|      Version - 0.9      |
+-------------------------+

Changelog 📃 :
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Fixed crash while deploying in railway.app
* Blacklisted @HellBot_Chat from ``Gcast``.
* Updated ``.mute``. Now you can mute admins of a group if you are also an admin with delete message permission.
* Some changes in inviteall.
* Updated ``AFK``. Now you can enable AFK Mode without mentioning reason. Simply do ``.afk`` to activate AFK Mode.
* Fixed and updated wikipedia command. Changed command from ``.wikipedia`` to ``.wiki``
* Added new command ``.aw`` to give the list of groups with Autowaifu enabled.
* Added ``uptime`` in alive messages.
* Updated ``.alive`` & ``.hell`` looks. See it yourself. There's something more regarding Alive message, just keep on reading....
* Added DB Variables. You can save vars in DB without restarting your bot. Currently there are limited variables supporting DB. To get the list of all DB Vars do ``.vars``
* To ease-up setting variables I added 3 more commands. These are ``.gvar`` - To get value of that given variable. ``.svar`` - To save the variable to DB. ``.dvar`` - To deleted the variable from DB.
* To add DB vars you'll have to do ``.svar <variable name> <variable value>``
* To delete a DB Var you'll have to do ``.dvar <variable name>``
* To get info of a DB Var do ``.gvar <variable name>``
* Now ``.meev`` & ``.mev`` will send meme voice to the replied person as a reply. Previously it won't tag them, but now it is fixed. Enjoy.
* Added new command ``.reload``. Same as restart but it won't uninstall any external plugin you have installed.
* Now you can set multiple Alive pic for your ``.alive`` & ``.hell`` command. To do this, do ``.svar ALIVE_PIC <telegraph links separated by a space>``. This will save your alive pic to DB and you'll get random pics in alive message.
* Same as alive pic, I added DB var in BAN_PIC. You can follow same step to add multiple pics in GBAN, GKICK pics. Do ``.svar BAN_PIC <telegraph links separated by a space>``
* Now you can set alive message without going to heroku. Do ``.svar ALIVE_MSG <alive msg here>``
* Added new command in **memify**. Do ``.plinfo memify`` to get more details.


+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|I'm looking for a good Alive template. If you wanna contribute it'll be a huge help. Credits will be given to respective designers. Please don't come up with any old/other userbot design. |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Report Bugs and Suggestions in comments of `this post <https://t.me/its_hellbot/47>`_
=====================================================================================

**📌 To update your Hêllẞø† do** ``.update build``

:Regards: `@ForGo10God <https://t.me/forgo10god>`_
