========================
HellBot Version Update
========================

+-------------------------+
|      Version - 1.1      |
+-------------------------+

Changelog 📃 :
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Fixed help menu not opening problem.
* Added option to disable picture from help menu.
* Added command to find details of a Anilist user. Do ``.plinfo anime`` to get more details.
* Fixed ``ascii`` and ``line`` command.
* Fixed autoname module.
* Changed the working of autobio. You can set multiple bio for your account which will change randomly after 60 seconds. There are some default bio lists. To add your own bio do ``.svar BIO_MSG <your bio here>``
* Fixed echo plugin.
* Fixed force sub.
* Added copy command. Just like ``.resend`` but in reply.
* Sudo is now improved. Reply to a user with ``.addsudo`` or type ``.addsudo <userid>`` to add someone in sudo. Give space between each id to add multiple users. After adding users to sudo do ``.reload`` to apply changes.
* Fixed problem with help menu showing bot name instead of user.
* Fixed some formatting problems.
* Improved gcast module.
* Added command to unblock a user from pm.
* Fixed pm permit. Note that pmpermit only works for 1st/main client.
* Fixed force install plugins.
* Improved instagram downloader plugin.
* Now you can deploy HellBot on railway again. A step by step guide is added to notes in `hellbot chat <https://t.me/hellbot_chat>`_.

+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Currently deploying on heroku is stopped. I would recommend to deploy on railway or qovery for time being.  |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Report Bugs and Suggestions in comments of `this post <https://t.me/its_hellbot/54>`_
=====================================================================================

:Regards: `@ForGo10God <https://t.me/forgo10god>`_
