========================
HellBot Version Update
========================

+-------------------------+
|      Version - 1.2      |
+-------------------------+

Changelog 📃 :
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* **Heroku Fix:** Fixed heroku deploy problem. Now you can deploy on heroku without any account ban issue.
* **Clone:** Fixed clone plugin not working as it should be. Also updated revert command. Now you don't have to setup any variable to revert back.
* **Stickers:** Fixed stickers not creating new pack after completing 120 stickers.
* **Video Stickers:** Added video stickers in ``.kang``. Note that after completing 50 stickers you won't be able to kang video/gif automatically to another pack. You'll have to give pack number manually. For more details see hell chats.
* **Limits:** Added a new plugin to check limitations on your account.
* **Gmute:** Fixed gmute in private chats.
* **Ban pics:** Added and improved gban/gkick pics. Set your own ban pic by ``.svar Ban_pic <link>``
* **Mute:** Fixed admins mute command.
* **Alive:** Improved and fixed alive plugin.
* **Autoprofile:** Fixed autobio, autoname, etc
* **Pmpermit:** Fixed and improved pmpermit for main client. Also added custom pmpermit pic and pmpermit message.
* **Help:** Did some changes in Help Menu.
* **Sticker Packname:** Added option to change packname without restarting bot.
* **Evaluator:** Did some changes in eval and exec command.
* **Tag Logger:** Fixed tag logger. Need to setup ``TAG_LOGGER`` with value as channel/grp id.
* **Welcome:** Fixed welcome plugin.
* **Sudo:** Highly improved sudo. Add sudo users by ``.addsudo`` and remove them by ``.rmsudo``
* **Memify:** Fixed memify.
* **Instagram:** Fixed Instagram video/pic downloadplugin.
* **AutoHusbando:** Added AutoHusbando plugin. Do ``.plinfo protecc`` to know more.
* **Font Changer:** Added font changer plugin using latest python 10 features. Do ``.plinfo fonts`` to know more.
* **Filter:** Fixed filters and snips.
* **Spam:** Fixed and improved spamming. Also break spam works smoothly now.
* **Purge:** Fixed purgeme command.
* **Unwanted Plugins:** Added option to uninstall some unwanted plugins. To uninstall plugins permanently fill ``UNLOAD`` with the names of unwanted plugins separated by space. Get all plugins name by ``.cmds``
  
  **Example:** ``.set var UNLOAD banall adultzone ascii``
* **Updated  HellBot Startup & Core.**

+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Now HellBot supports multi clients at it's fullest. Will add more database based command in multi clients soon with updates. Stay tuned! |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Report Bugs and Suggestions in comments of `this post <https://t.me/its_hellbot/56>`_
=====================================================================================

:Regards: * `@ForGo10God <https://t.me/forgo10god>`_

By ~ `Hêllẞø† Network { 🇮🇳 } <https://t.me/hellbot_network>`_
=================================================
